esm: Unflag --experimental-modules (#29866)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

added: v12.0.0
-->

> Sets the resolution algorithm for resolving ES modulespecifiers. Valid options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the resolution algorithm for resolving ES module specifiers. Valid options
```
